In the last lecture we successfully synchronized our HVM our form and our typescript form.
Let's now have a look at how we can submit this form in the template driven approach we used and you
submit the entry submit directive here on this forum element.
Well we still do the same here because we still want to react to this default submit event which is
fired by age HTML by Javascript.
So we still add and you submit here and we could execute on a better method.
Any method you like.
So let's add this method here and how on submit Did difference to the template driven approach.
Now is that we don't need to get the form Why are these local reference that actually wouldn't work
anymore because we're not using angler's order creation mechanism.
But we don't need to get this reference because hey we created the form on our own.
We already got access to it here in our types would code.
Actually in every method in the typescript code so we can simply console AWC this sign up for them just
like this.
And this is how we get access to the forum.
Now if we go back to our running project and we simply enter something here which just a female to see
if it is correctly updated and hit submit.
We see our form group here and it has the properties we already know.
Amongst them the value which correctly represents the object we passed here key value pairs with username
email and gender and the appropriate values.
This is the cool thing about the reactive approach whatever you set up here as an argument whenever
you set up here as an object you passed to the form group which makes up your form.
That is what you get out as a value of the form.
So you can bind it to your own model the model of your application and easily make sure that the form
structure matches the structure of your model.
So this is how you can submit the form how you can still access the value as you did before but now
using your own form in the form you created in typescript